well howdy there internet people it's
bob again
so today i did a live stream
and i normally ask for questions on
twitter if i don't get to them i do a
video like this
didn't get to them so i haven't read
these questions so you're still getting
an
off off-the-cuff answer um but this this
looks like it's going to become part of
the routine
when i do live streams so okay
so
if you had to live in another country
which would you choose and why
ireland or nicaragua
i know this don't seem similar but i
would want to live somewhere
where i could be left alone what are the
real options for the conservatives who
want to salvage the gop from a cult of
personality i'm more curious
and amused than invested in the answer
um they're going to have to become an
ideological
organization again which means they're
going to have to move towards
you know maybe move back to talking
about small government
and let principles guide them rather
than people
otherwise they will continually just be
the party of whoever's in charge
and they won't wield any real
long-term benefit to
anybody except for themselves it'll be
about power for power's sake
45 seems to be flying by the seat of his
pants
what is his endgame i don't know that he
has one personal enrichment
i think that's really it's really that
simple thanks bo you're a gem
thank you vosh and one of his
latest videos brought up some really
great points about
modern feminism about what modern
feminism
has for men and how it's totally okay to
be strong and masculine and
not a bad person
and that you don't have to be a latte
drinking
to be a feminist yeah i have a whole
bunch of videos on this topic
masculinity in the united states has
become hyper masculine
and that's not good that's the source of
a lot of problems in the u.s
there is that idea that if you want to
be a man
who supports feminism that you're going
to
be weak i would point out that a lot
of feminists who who were men
were like medal of honor winners
that's made up that's made up by
insecure little boys
the the ultimate irony being that
it is those who
cast those who want equality
as weak who are the ones that have the
insecurity issues
who are the ones who act like little
boys
masculine men are not afraid of
competition they don't they don't
they don't mind equality with other
people
because competition is good if they're
better then you have to get better
and that's that's part of
the masculine stereotype is that
constant drive
to improve yourself in that way
that's not to say that femininity
doesn't have the same thing it's just
accomplished in a different manner um
so yeah i have i i do i have probably a
dozen videos on this topic
what size pitchforks do we need and
where can we purchase them
uh buy buy locally and think globally
um do you agree the trump administration
had to covertly sign off on this
i'm gonna guess that's in reference what
just happened
um i don't think they had to
they they likely gave a nod but there
there is this image that anything in the
middle east has to be approved
by you know the us or russia that's not
true
um there are three
very powerful countries there you know
saudi arabia iran and israel
any of them can act unilaterally um
they don't necessarily need a nod from
one of the major powers because they're
they're regional superpowers
and yes there's a follow-up statement to
that and that is what that was about
um
that i have a video coming out on so i
got to skip that one
there's a whole bunch about what just
happened over there a whole bunch of
questions about that
and we'll probably end up doing a whole
video
as more information becomes available
the real question that seems to be
getting asked in general with this
is is this going to precipitate
something before
biden takes office and i hope not i hope
not
i would like to believe that
that iran will be the adult in the room
and understand that things are going to
change drastically in a couple of months
and and show some restraint
between now and then um because there's
to escalate it and cause a bunch of
chaos just to have it de-escalate in a
couple months it seems
unnecessary um but i i don't i don't
know how that's going to play out
there's
yeah i don't know how that's going to
play out
let's see you're much older than i am
thanks
have things always been this bad
uh i've always if things always been
this messed up and weird
uh yeah i mean
when you hear stories about before you
were born or before you started really
paying attention to things
you you get a sanitized version of it
yeah it's it's always been messed up
trump is unprecedented in a lot of ways
um in the u.s but it's not
anything new globally um
i i
2020 has been a year i'll give you that
but it's always been it's always been a
rapid
developing situation rapidly developing
situation
that seems out of control because it is
still waiting to hear what oil and
filter
mobil one is what i normally use
oh i get it
yeah i'm all right uh let's see outside
of financial donations
how can a pennsylvanian best support our
desired outcome
in the georgia runoffs you can probably
phone bank
that might be helpful what can we do to
prevent the leasing of public lands
in the alaskan wildlife refuge that
trump seems
bent on delivering to the highest bidder
i don't know that it can be completely
prevented at this point if if he pushes
it through he pushes it through
but there will be the ability to
regulate it
and sometimes regulation can make things
to where they're not cost effective
that would probably be the strategy i
would employ
if i was in biden's shoes i don't know
that he's going to do that though
remember that biden isn't as progressive
as many of the people who watch this
channel he doesn't have the same views
so i don't know that he's actually going
to act on that
uh which civilians
do you like for a sec death um
you know it would i would like to see
somebody from the special operations
community
as secretary of defense that's what i
would like to see
the main reason being our special
operations
forces are incredibly misunderstood and
underutilized
there are a lot of times where we are
deploying divisions
of men and women when we don't need to
um our special operations forces
the the special operations community can
take decisive action when it's needed
and not impact a whole bunch of
civilians which is always the desired
thing
or should be um i would like to see
somebody
high up that actually understands how
they can be used
to the greatest effect it would be great
to say that you know we're not going to
have any military operations
but realistically that's not we're not
there yet
that should be the goal that's where
we're trying to get to
and using special operations in that
capacity would be a step in that
direction i know it
that may seem weird from the outside
looking in
but even though they're the most
elite forces and and all of that and all
the imagery that goes with it
they're also the most surgical they're
the most effective without destroying
the countryside
which should be the goal um
and i don't know i mean conventional
conventional generals can people that
are in the military
don't necessarily understand the
capabilities of
the special operations community i don't
know that any civilian would
so i think that's the next step to
getting
to getting to the point where we are not
constantly deploying
tens of thousands of people all the time
who's winning skater of the year i don't
even know what that means
your thoughts on the census um
yeah i get it it's important i'll be
honest it it hasn't really been on my
radar
i'm not even gonna
it determines a lot as in in theory
about how money gets spent and stuff
like that but it doesn't really in
practice
corruption determines that in practice
the little
deals made behind the scene determines
that
more than the actual census count um
there there are some things that it
comes into play for
but i don't know that it's as important
as everybody's making it out to be
uh let's see about somalia
my understanding is that that was a
uh that that person was trying to lock
down assets because we're preparing to
withdraw
there's still a whole lot of information
that still has to come out about that we
don't know
exactly what went down there yet do you
think the u.s can rebuild its
relationship with the kurds
with the new state department i think
they'll try i don't know that
that they're going to be able to that's
a huge task we
really let them down i don't know that
that's going to be rebuilt
um it's probably an objective it's
probably something they're going to
strive for
but i don't know that they're going to
be successful at it
you like learning from events so now the
end of the
trump is in sight what lessons must the
usa learn
and what changes need to come we're
going to do a whole video about this
we're going to hot wash
the entire trump administration and
some of the institutions and
organizations we're going to determine
which ones are resilient
and which ones aren't which institutions
let us down
what should our response as a species be
if the capital class refuses to do
enough to arrest climate collapse
wow um i think that working class people
need to start
paying attention to it a lot more than
they are
as far as what we should end up doing i
don't know a lot of time is going to
pass
between now and when people become
motivated to act
so we don't know how it's going to play
out there's too many variables to really
come up with anything
let's see prosecute or let bygones be
bygones
can we crack the misinformation machine
without holding dt and company
accountable
um i definitely think we need to get a
baseline of facts
so i think that we need there needs to
be an investigation into a lot of things
i don't want to say now oh these people
need to be prosecuted
i think it's a bad idea to
find the person and then find the crime
don't determine who you want to
prosecute
before you have the information
now if during the investigation criminal
activity show
shows up then then yeah i mean that's
that's part of it
but i i i would be
very leery about
about setting the precedent of using the
justice department
to go after predecessors
do the investigation and see where it
goes from there
until then i wouldn't talk about charges
let's see would you talk about ranked
choice voting yeah i've talked about it
here and there every once in a while i
would suggest
it's it's a good move that's where we
need to head towards because then we can
break up
the the two-party system which
tends to pit people against each other
more
and make things about culture rather
than policy
so that's i think that's a good move and
that's probably somewhere we need to
head
can you talk about separation of church
and state
mega churches and the irs i'm going to
assume this is about removing
tax exempt status and all that stuff it
sounds good
in theory you know you have a bigoted
church
doing something and you yank their tax
exempt status because
they're bigoted it sounds good but
constitutionally the government cannot
impose a purity test
on a religious organization it won't
make it
um i don't know that that's somewhere i
would waste political capital right now
now the alternative to that would be to
yank tax again
exempt status for all churches
um as a non-us
british person what rights
responsibilities do i have
when i engage with u.s politics
if you're talking about debate online
voice your opinion
um you know there is that
that common thing well you're not an
american you don't know
right but they're from the outside maybe
they have a better view of things
um i i don't believe
that you're a citizen of the world our
decisions what happens here
impacts people in other places and i
don't think that you would ever hear an
american say oh we shouldn't voice our
opinion about what happens in these
countries over here
so
do you think trump will try something in
the next
week since he was voted out
um i don't know i i don't i mean
he's gonna try stuff i don't know that
he's gonna be successful and i don't
know that melania has anything to do
with it
um let's see
right-wing militias are getting ready
how successful can they be against
the a-10
um
the most most of the
right-wing groups are
very conventionally structured and
that's not good
for what they what they're intending to
do
so i i don't i do not believe that they
have the
[Music]
the logistical and organizational
structure necessary to accomplish what
they think they're going to
question is there a path to dissolving
our two-party system in congress
so that it's just congressman
congresswoman not rnd
uh i mean i'd love to get rid of parties
but
that seems really unlikely your your
best resp
your most likely thing is going to be
ranked choice voting and then the
parties have to form coalitions this is
what happens in a whole lot of other
countries
um
let's see
to vaccinate or not to vaccinate
uh until i actually see information
on this i'm not putting out an opinion
generally i will tell you that i'm
vaccinated
against pretty much like everything
i am i'm a strong supporter of vaccines
in general
um and i have a video about this where i
went through
and did did some research on some of the
ones that are most controversial
um and and maybe it's worth watching
now it's been a while but
uh generally speaking i'm
i'm very in favor of vaccination
you just have the worst timing the only
live stream i've ever been able to catch
any of was the election
i shouldn't have stayed up for that one
but you rocked too hard for that yeah
uh well that was a really long one so
um let's see
not a question simply thank you thank
you uh
he's also good at name calling
ah i guess i am
um what do you think will happen
with all of the followers that trust the
plan
now that is failed um
they'll probably change their theory and
it i don't think that it's going
i think what people are waiting for is
a moment where everybody wakes up
that was involved in that i don't think
that's going to happen i think it's
going to be a long
slow decline rather than an event
let's see what is the best way for those
on the left to organize
to push biden further left then fdr was
pushed
also can you please give a shout out to
okay if you're on twitter go to trevken
and there's a
there's a post there um
okay pushing the same way that
the same level of political engagement
that has been going on the last four
years needs to continue biden isn't a
savior
biden really isn't a progressive if you
want that deep systemic change
you can't change yeah you can't stop you
have to keep going
um and i think i i think there's enough
people that realize that
that may keep it up and biden may be
pushed
um again that asylum
his decision when it comes to asylum and
the announcement there that's big
that's big and that's probably i know
that's not a policy he would have
supported just a few years ago
so he can be moved whether or not he can
be moved by individuals or they have to
be people
in his select circle that we don't know
yet um
but i i would certain i certainly
believe it's worth
a uh worth the attempt
do you have trumpers in your personal
life and how do you handle that
uh i get frustrated
um one thing i recently tried
was actually sitting down and watching
fox news with one of them
with my phone in hand and fact checking
not the opinions but the basic facts the
simple stuff
you know uh one of the ones that came up
and they're like
oh we're turning a corner everything's
getting better and this was just a
couple days ago and i'm like no
that's not true here are the numbers
we're at record highs
i think that by fact checking the
inarguable stuff it may be better than
than trying to debate the opinions um
show that that they air stuff that is
just factually incorrect
see watched you were cool
cool as always hope and support from the
uk thank you
what do we actually do to hold biden's
feet to the fire once he's in office
this is i'm gonna end up doing videos on
this especially
after the inauguration um
and being way more specific but
generally everything that we're doing
now we have to keep doing
it's it's the difference is we do it
more in an
encouraging fashion than
one of outright resistance
that would be that would be my
suggestion
what are your thoughts on the resurgence
of marxist politics in the u.s i didn't
know
there had been i know the term gets
thrown out a lot but i don't see people
calling for
the seizure of the means of production
we don't have a real left
leftist party in mainstream politics in
the u.s today
there are leftists they're all leftist
groups
but they're not mainstream i wouldn't
call it a resurgence
it's an idea and it's going to stay kind
of on the outskirts
for a while again it's
without major events everything's
incremental
let's see
okay so all right so those were all the
questions
at least i think uh twitter is kind of
hard to navigate at some
times all right so there we go
uh i don't know we'll probably do
another live stream when we
hit uh half a million subscribers which
hopefully won't be too long
and other than that i hope you enjoyed
your holidays
and everybody can just kind of
relax for a little bit um trump
is facing defeat after defeat after
defeat in his
attempt to subvert the election through
the courts
so hopefully everybody's uh
mind is is set at ease by that if i
missed any
it's either because i'm gonna do a video
about it specifically or i
literally just missed it and forgot or i
didn't see it
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day